Miss Jiang Li
I am the tenth building
Design competition staff
I would like to invite you to participate in my competition
I wonder if you can participate.
Sure
Of course I can.
What's wrong wife
Ahhh, I can go do your phone game
Brother Mu
I found that since I was with you
Just follow my lead
You must be my lucky star
Then you can't leave me for the rest of your life
Certainly.
Pack up
Prepare the entries
I'll take you there after dinner.
Wait a minute, I'll show you later.
I plan to participate in the auction with this work
Although he is just me designing in front of him
But I am the most beautiful
I think this work
You will definitely win the first prize in this competition.
First prize absolute
Then you win the first prize.
You were my design concept and entry last time
Thank you very much.
Why is this bitch here?
I clearly read the list of contestants yesterday
There is no him in it.
In case he finds out that I have
What if you took his shooting works to exhibit?
Very good design concept
carefully structured
Yeah, this one.
Definitely the best I've seen in this competition
You really are a sea turtle in the design world.
Thank you friend
I'm still a newcomer to the design world
I will continue to work hard in the future.
Bitch, what if you can come to the game?
Unknown trash like you
No one will ever look at your designs
No one will believe
I'm a turtle designer. I'll copy your work